---
layout: post
title: Version 1.5.0
author: Eric
---

<p>Welcome to Lookshy! I'm talking about version 1.5.0 of Anathema, released yesterday with versions available for Linux, Windows, and OS X. Enjoy!</p>
<b>Changelog:</b>
<ul>
  <li>
    Support for much new material:
    <ul>
      <li>Ink Monkeys is supported through vol. 37. Charms now cite Ink Monkeys as their source, with the "page number" specifying the volume in which they appear.</li>
      <li>Scroll of Errata is supported through today, including all Dawn Solution material.</li>
      <li>Character creation templates from Dreams of the First Age are now included, though not all of their features are supported just yet.</li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li>
    Many bugs fixed:
    <ul>
      <li>Invincible Essence Reinforcement now correctly modifies Natural Soak.</li>
      <li>The descriptions of all Necromancy and Sorcery spells now display correctly.</li>
      <li>It's no longer possible to give Anathema a repository location where it lacks the permissions to create the repository; this previously left Anathema crashing on load.</li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li>
    Known problems:
    <ul>
      <li>The Solar Melee charm tree is currently a bit of a mess, due to the sheer number of charms overwhelming our layout algorithm. Hopefully, this will be fixed soon.</li>
    </ul>
  </li>
</ul>
<b>Planned changes for the near-future:</b>
<ul>
  <li>Improve our support for Simple charms combo-able with charms of other abilities.</li>
  <li>Improved item support, including attunement costs and other effects.</li>
  <li>Persistence of Limit and other related concepts.</li>
  <li>Support for Divine Transcendence, Glory to the Most High, and other Essence-altering effects.</li>
  <li>Second Edition Abyssals! (This will be version 2.0.)</li>
</ul>